Your husband is fine.
I'll go back and explain it to him sometime.
If you have anything to say, just call and make it clear
He didn't see
As you said
The one-night stand you had with him a few years ago
A few years later, we suddenly met again and got the certificate together.
Now I have another boyfriend
Fourth Master, you have not been cheated into marriage, have you?
He better not be a woman's heart
But you like him so much
Now we are together by chance
If you have anything to say, it is better to ask in person
Where is he now?
You ask him out and ask him in person
Maybe he's busy.
Think about it
How can a boyfriend have such a serious business as you?
You have a certificate
Shu Yan
How many secrets do you still have that you don't know?
You are back.